# _The Secret: A Treasure Hunt_
## About the Website
  This is a website that I made to help people who are trying to solve clues from _The Secret_. It will open on a page with a map. In the bottom left, you can select any of the 12 images. This image will be placed on top of the map, you can adjust image settings with the controls at the bottom. Probably the most useful are opacity and rotation. Sometimes there are geographical representations hidden in the images. A good example is in Image 2, there is a section of the image that very closely resembles the waterways around Charleston, South Carolina. Hopefully with this tool, you can find new connections between images and geography. 
  I recommend starting with the map on street view until you find your general area, then you can switch to satellite view to see more specific details.

  There is a second page that is simply an image viewer. You can use this page with all of the adjustments to examine the images more closely and look for more clues.

## About the Book
  _The Secret: A Treasure Hunt_ is a book written by Byron Preiss, first published in 1982. Preiss went around the United States, and potentially Canada, and hid artifacts in 12 different cities. He then came up with riddles and images for each location. The book consists of three different parts, but the part that most people are familiar with is the section with the 12 images and 12 verses. The verses are not matched with images, so the first task is to figure out which verse goes with which image. The general idea is that the image should get you to a city, the verse is more specific and will lead you to the casque. 

Only 3 of the 12 have been found. One was found shortly after the book was published in Chicago in 1983. Another was found in Cleveland in 1984, and the third was found in Boston in 2019. Preiss was the only one who knew the locations of the casques and he died in a car accident in 2005. His family and others close to him said he kept the locations only in his head so that there would be no leaks. No documentation has been found. His estate will still honor the find if you find it and document it and send it in. If you are smart enough to solve one of the riddles, what you will find is a plexiglass box with a key inside. You send the key to his estate and they will send you a $1,000 check. 
